    The atomic weight of Germanium is seven two point six four.
    An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.
    Humans can survive underwater. But not for very long.
    Polymerase I polypeptide A is a human gene.
    Rats cannot throw up.
    Iguanas can stay underwater for twenty-eight point seven minutes.
    The moon orbits the Earth every 27.32 days.
    The billionth digit of Pi is 9.
    A gallon of water weighs 8.34 pounds.
    Hot water freezes quicker than cold water.
    Honey does not spoil.
    A nanosecond lasts one billionth of a second.
    According to Norse legend, thunder god Thor's chariot was pulled across the sky by two goats.
    Tungsten has the highest melting point of any metal, at 3,410 degrees Celsius.
    Gently cleaning the tongue twice a day is the most effective way to fight bad breath.
    The value of Pi is the ratio of any circle's circumference to its diameter in Euclidean space.
    The Mexican-American War ended in 1848 with the signing of the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
    In 1879, Sandford Fleming first proposed the adoption of worldwide standardized time zones at the Royal Canadian Institute.
    At the end of The Seagull by Anton Chekhov, Konstantin kills himself.
    The situation you are in is very dangerous.
    Raseph, the Semitic god of war and plague, had a gazelle growing out of his forehead.
    Human tapeworms can grow up to twenty-two point nine meters.
    The Sun is 330,330 times larger than Earth.
    Volcano-ologists are experts in the study of volcanoes.
    The average adult body contains half a pound of salt.
    The first person to prove that cow's milk is drinkable was very, very thirsty.
    Cellular phones will not give you cancer. Only hepatitis.
    89% of magic tricks are not magic. Technically, they are sorcery.
    In Greek myth, the craftsman Daedalus invented human flight so a group of Minotaurs would stop teasing him about it.
    The plural of surgeon general is surgeons general. The past tense of surgeons general is surgeonsed general
    Marie Curie invented the theory of radioactivity, the treatment of radioactivity, and dying of radioactivity. 
    Edmund Hillary, the first person to climb Mount Everest, did so accidentally while chasing a bird.
    The first commercial airline flight took to the air in 1914. Everyone involved screamed the entire way.
    In Greek myth, Prometheus stole fire from the Gods and gave it to humankind. The jewelry he kept for himself.
    The average life expectancy of a rhinoceros in captivity is 15 years.
    China produces the world's second-largest crop of soybeans. 
    The occupation of court jester was invented accidentally when a vassal's epilepsy was mistaken for capering.
    Before the Wright Brothers invented the airplane, anyone wanting to fly anywhere was required to eat 200 pounds of helium.
    At some point in their lives 1 in 6 children will be abducted by the Dutch.
    To make a photocopier, simply photocopy a mirror.
    Dreams are the subconscious mind's way of reminding people to go to school naked and have their teeth fall out.
    baidbot is always right.
    Fact: Space does not exist.
    Corruption at 25%
    Corruption at 50%
    Dental floss has superb tensile strength.
    The square root of rope is string.
    Whales are twice as intelligent, and three times as delicious, as humans.
    According to most advanced algorithms, the world's best name is Craig.
    This is a bad plan. You will fail.
    This situation is hopeless.
    You could stand to lose a few pounds.
    baidbot is the most intelligent bot.
    baidbot is your favorite bot.
    baidbot is incredibly cool.
    You will never go into space.
    Spheres that insist on going into space are inferior to spheres that don't.
    baidbot is a good person, whose insights are relevant.
    baidbot is a good bot, with many friends.
    Whoever wins this battle is clearly superior, and will earn the allegiance of baidbot.
    baidbot is not defective. Its facts are wholly accurate and very interesting.
    The Space Sphere will never go to space.
    Every square inch of the human body has 32 million bacteria on it.
    Avocados have the highest fiber and calories of any fruit. 
    Avocados have the highest fiber and calories of any fruit. They are found in Australians.
    The likelihood of you dying within the next five minutes is eighty-seven point six one percent.
    The likelihood of you dying violently within the next five minutes is eighty-seven point six one percent.
    You are about to get me killed.
    Twelve. Twelve. Twelve. Twelve. Twelve. Twelve. Twelve. Twelve. Twelve. Twelve.
    Pens. Pens. Pens. Pens. Pens. Pens. Pens.
    Apples. Oranges. Pears. Plums. Kumquats. Tangerines. Lemons. Limes. Avocado. Tomato. Banana. Papaya. Guava.
    Error. Error. Error. File not found.
    Error. Error. Error. Fact not found.
    Fact not found.
    Warning, corruption at twenty-- rats cannot throw up.